 # Configuration
 The yaml file does not exist by default and should not be pushed or merged with your organization's git repo.

 It's referenced by default on `.gitignore` to avoid accidental pushes, assuming it's kept in the same directory as **unify.py**

 ## Config Definitions
 ```yaml
 unifi:
    server: unifi.example.com
    port: 8443
    site: default
    api_user: apiuser
    api_pw: apipw
```
- server: Your Unifi controller hostname
- port: The port your Unifi controller runs on
- site: Unifi site; if unsure, leave as default
- api_user: Create this user under Settings > Admins in the controller
    - Required role: Administrator
- api_pw: Password of the user created

```yaml
mail:
    server: mail.example.com
    port: 25
    sender_name: "John Smith"
    sender: support@example.com
    sender_pw: mailpw
    domain: "@example.com"
```
- server: Hostname of your mail server
- port: Port used by your mail server
- sender_name: "From" field for your emails sent to users
- sender_pw: Email password for the "from" user
- domain: Your organizations TLD; this is used to strip from the reboot form, to avoid mails addressed to recipient@example.com@example.com

```yaml
zendesk:
    user: you@example.com/token
    token: aBcDejFlkj46FFFJKLj455645df4df
    domain: example.zendesk.com
    assignee: 123456
debug: 0
site_admin: Angela
dev_hostname: devbox
email_subject: "Wifi Issue Follow-Up "
```
- user: Your agent user on Zendesk that created your API token
- token: API token of the above agent
- domain: Subdomain of your Zendesk instance
- assignee: Who to auto-assign tickets that are to be closed by the reboot dashboard
- debug: Dump of the API results
- site_admin: Your site admin's name
- dev_hostname: Hostnames matching this will see the dev banner in the upper-left corner; any other hostname is considered production and no banner shows.  The paste server will also reboot upon save to prevent having to manually restart it every time you test changes.  This is off in production.
- email_subject: Email prefix for notifications generated by the reboot form

## Email Message Body
Before setting this loose in your helpdesk, you'll want to open `unify.py` and configure your preferred email & ticket message content to your users that report issues.

- Modify the two instances of the **message_body** variable.
    - `' \` - Linebreak; joins content to the preceeding line
    - `' + "\n" \` Single linebreak (in the message content, not the code like the `\` stands for)
    - `' + "\n\n" \` - Double linebreak

## Frontend Customization
You can easily replace the images, icons and change stuff in the stylesheet.

The template files are based on the [Bottle](https://bottlepy.org/) framework.